Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2022-06-28T08:16:04-04:00

====== Tuesday 28 Jun 2022 ======

One thing that helped me was turning delusions into stories. The fact that you are aware of your delusions and can tell the difference tells me you'll have success with this. A telepathic prophet who has a relationship with someone, could make for a great science-fiction story. Think of your delusions as pitches for these stories. For example, the pitch of a telepathic prophet, would be something to pass on...but the next one you might have...for example one delusion I had was that I was a captain of a team who was trapped by an enemy in a psychological nightmare called "life" that I had to figure a way out of. This is one, you would pass on, but given my personal experiences, I would turn this into a full-length story. It helps to think of authors who write fantasy. Game of Thrones, American Gods, are stories built upon "delusional" or "fantasy" thinking. These, I believe, actually help us tell the difference between fantasy and reality, which keeps us grounded. In terms of preparing, exercises in this will be invaluable. Another crucial aspect will be for you find like minded people that you can be in a safe environment with. While a lot of us are forced to go through this alone, it is not the ideal way to go. 

One of the more difficult aspects of filtering delusions is that if you're caught in one you like, it it much harder to let go of the notion. This is where you have be firm with yourself by recognizing your actual limitations and forcing yourself to accept them. Try not to let shame overwhelm you. Delusions often carry with them a lot of shame, at least for me it did. When you realize you're not a captain of a psychedelic space ship, the pride takes a bit of a hit, which will trigger and perhaps prolong a period of depression. 

As far as the medication you're currently, I may have to check this out for myself, as I still have trouble with my sleeping pattern, which is big factor in managing delusion. I also may have to revisit Modafinil, as I'm still seeking an alternative to amphetamines. 
