Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2021-12-07T21:34:08-05:00

====== Thing01 ======
Created Tuesday 07 December 2021

start by trying to describe what "depression" or the lack of desire to do anything....
ted talk quote "every movement...etc"

if you've never felt this way...then you might have a hard time understanding. Without a visual confirmation, it may appear to be nothing. 

if you've had life expierences that make you think all the things required from other people aren't that important...the disatisfaction needs to be filled in. current society does not offer much besides consumer activity to compensate. if you aren't able to afford shopping, then medication and probably a few nights at a dingy jail cell relabeled as a hosiptal will be part of your life story. and of course since you aren't doing the same thing as everyone else, you will probably feel shamed at least several times which usually doesn't motivate productive action. etc 

(slowly build rant) 

so not only is there dealing with the physical nature of a "mental illness," which is like having a slightly fractured foot without a cast for your entire life, and during that time you are demanded to run in seemingly endless marathon and if you don't... you may not get eat or know where you'll sleep. if you happen to become upset with this at one point and get naturally lost in frustrated rage, you get added bonus as being labeled an abusive, toxic person who won't accept help...and that you should be avoided if noticed. Oh that help you won't accept? What if that help isn't actually helping? What do you do then? If you say that, you will be only confirming a perception that you are stubborn and just want to be a difficult person. 

The aggravation you hear in my voice just thinking about this is going to cost energy. Energy I won't have later to be productive...while these days we have more information than we did 100 years ago, we are still using words like "depression" which does not even begin to describe how the brain literally feels and does not really provide the language to let anyone who is afraid or uncomfortable to start properly interacting with those who suffer from this problem. "how ya doing?" really doesn't help. It's nice to talk to someone, for sure, but that question is like trying to hit a target from the other side of the room when you're facing the other way. While the intent is good what would be best if any sense of judgement is just left out and that person just be allowed to exist without having to worry about "earning" their way through life. I don't know about you, but when I was shot out of some lady's vagina, I was not asked to sign anything that obligated me to do any of this. So telling someone "oh you just gotta buck up and get it done!" usually just ends up in an already frustrated being forced to use their mind and body for something they don't even believe in but just ended up in. Don't worry though, if we can get you that money, you'll be just fine.



(tea kettle softly in the background )


take it from me: avoid people

ding

"oh hey ann"

"would you care for some tea? 

"I would. always up for an enjoyable warm beverage"

pouurs

"are you trying to get me to calm down?"

"usually. but this one is helps with...."




