Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2021-12-13T15:19:52-05:00

====== Monday 13 Dec 2021 ======

I need help organizing these objects. I'm not sure if I should arrange things to pack or to use for living. I don't want Ann to have to be subjected the noise here, so I don't think it's a good idea to arrange furniture such that she is thought to be living with me. 

More my sister...whom I find sexually attractive and therefore difficult to be around. 

My Friend...who I'd like to be my girlfriend, but with my expierence I find the idea of a romantic pursuit to be too much for me right now.

wife|partner with whom I am currently separted from...
	which leads to a conclusion/revelation that she 
		a: currently is romantically involved with someone else now
		b: was romantically involved with someone else at some point in the past
		c: is doing exactly what she say's she is doing and the first two answers are culturally influences paranoia. 


I've never accepted the roles that don't include physical contact that leads to sexual activities.

I suppose I could if I could keep a certain perspective in mind..



















Ask her about her day. 

So, I've been struggling with what to do with this place. Right now the objects are fairly disorganized. 
* I need you to help organize them
* I would like us to do that together.	
	* I started to think what parts you would work on and I become confused. So, I'll tell you what I think would be best...
	* pick one of the two rooms; blue room|office and start there. Decide what to keep. I would prefer if we could discard the items properly..that is to say, donate usable stuff, and take remaining recyclables to the proper facility. 
		* boxes
		* crates
Decide on where to go. I'm currently working on my application for lucky's market.
Right now I'm sort of suffering the effects of an ampethimine overdose so I am feeling extra anxious even still. I'm gonna call Dr. Carroll tomorrow to get something for that. In the meantime, I'm happy to report two good things: one) that our methods to alieve such conditions do work. Teas, art, media, mindfullness, and honesty...I find the teas with information attached to be soothing...I beleive these are the things we should be using all of time so that harder medication with it's brutal side effects won't be necessary. two) I'm hoping this ends up like my experience with alcohol.



If this is th

It's damn hard to do it while under the influence of this medication. I don't need you as much, but I do need //you//. I hope you can have faith we can do better than all those who have failed. 



/Turns out, what I wanted|fate is actually a bit different than I would have guessed./



absence makes the heart grow fonder
familarity breeds contempt





If you had to //promise// me that we'd talk today, that tells me is something isn't right. I'm hoping you were just being reassuring, knowing that I have anxiety issues and being alone with is tough. Recently you haven't been able to keep promises and now the trust I have in you is dwindling much like the trust you had in me must have been broken. 

I don't want to make another promise that will end up unfullfilled. Our lack of being able to comfortably express Physical affection is the only thing that really is preventing my ability to keep the promises I that made with you. It's really about self-esteem and confidence. To hopefully continue the process of mending trust I would like for you to tell me what would wanted most from me. If you are still willing to fix our relationship, then I can start plannning on how get what it is you want. 

I still struggle with the sense of time and how that effects my perception of future. In other words, I 

