Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2021-11-17T02:22:46-05:00

====== Thursday 18 Nov 2021 ======

Back to being Angry with you. Hmmmm...I dunno. Right now I feel abandoned. You have so many people in your support system. You have your coworkers. You have you and your brother and big safe house always available for you...do you remember how blessed you are? Do you understand why I feel isolated and alone? As result, I'll the pick the characters that have the most power to compensate. The teacher being the most powerful as it knows how to deal with any situation...I'm not sure if I should work on this one alone as that is what got me stuck in the mode to begin with. Do not suggest outside help. Unless you  have evidence of actual results or studies inside an environment I approve of (which doesn't exist  yet as far as I know) then I'll be spending the rest of my life in poverty and constant anxiety. Funny how the brain allocates intelligence. As smart as I may be, there's a lot I cannot do. I'm afraid if I tell you this, You will you tell me my problems aren't your problems and you can't handle it and have to leave. I've seen you help Vin and Cheryl with exactly what I'm talking about. So don't you dare try to think that you can't help. And yes you are the only right now. I apologize that the help I need hasn't been invented yet and that I have to invent myself but that's I guess my curse for being a "know-it-all." Anyway. My sense time from everyone else's and because I can't get out of isolation. Sorry if that seems so easy for you but it's not for me and I'm tired of everyone telling me "oh just get help". I can't stress enough how dumb a statement like this is. People have no fucking idea how ignorant they sound when they suggest "maybe you should talk to someone". As if I hadn't thought of that. Not really that simple. It can't just be any schmuck who wants to try. It needs to be someone special. So far you're the only one qualified. Unless you can find another you, do not suggest I talk to someone else. I hope you understand that this message is written with a tone a neutrality, highlighted as a gently as possible with a visceral rage I hope you never to experience in yourself. 
