Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
<<<<<<< HEAD
Creation-Date: 2021-11-21T12:40:48-05:00

====== Monday 22 Nov 2021 ======

Well, ok..I've been afraid to share this but I'll try anyway; I've been trying this time to realistically, not manically, assess our problems and pick only one to focus on. I think we try to do too much at once and then quickly feel defeat because it becomes overwhelming. I know I said in anger that I "refuse to get a job because blah blah blah". This isn't really true. When I start thinking about that process it truly gives me anxiety so then I stop thinking about it. Also, for some reason anything I think of produces no true enthusiasm, which I don't actually understand because I should be motivated by love. I feel comfortable at least trying something to get extra income so we can acquire a better space or pay debt. I might be comfortable with "merchant Bob" if I can work for someone like-minded. Ideally, I'd like to try offering my services to Riverside however I hesitate as my body clock is not in sync with business hours and I don't know how to handle that yet. My Soundbot project isn't turning out to be what I had in mind. I was hoping to gain attention with the "product" and somehow turn that into income but I'm not organized enough for that. So, I need give up on that as I've also lost sight of what you need...which is less stress about money. You're right, I didn't really address these things you have asked for. I was caught up in self-righteousness and unrealistic goals, which I only know now in hindsight. And while I have the right mindset, I'm not sure what to do about making all of this less intimidating. I'm trying to maintain the attitude that this is easier than I think, which is a challenge for me. Regardless of how we figure this out, I feel exactly the same in that our routine is in need of adjustment. Somehow, we are now afraid to say anything to each other. Anyway, for right now, stayed rested...keep your thoughts focused on Cheryl as I can't stand the thought of being another worry in your life. Love you.


It seems my biggest problem to address first, is that I don't know anything about the process of handling this type situation through separation. Like, what do you do to remind yourself 

I feel sad we ended up afraid of talking to each other about these truly difficult problems. I yelled out of frustration, which made you afraid, then you became silent which made me afraid and now we don't want to say anything because we're not sure how the other will react. I'm sad because, if we can just acknowledge this together, then a lot of our problems start becoming less complicated. I hope I'm just overthinking this. I just don't want this break for us to calm down to result in falling back into the same routine that got us into this. 


I think I've finally been able to accept your need to be away from our situation without taking it personally. So, if thinking about all this still upsets, then please stop and feel safe in the notion that I understand and no longer hold anger nor resentment. No more threats. I'm sorry I was unable to communicate my frustration without creating fear. I never learned how to do that. I know you feel sorry as well and lack satisfaction with the relationship. I think we both became too focused on self-improvement, never realizing relationship-improvement requires a different type of work. Neither one of us could have possibly known this. We're both afraid right now. I'm sorry for the threats. I honestly thought it was the only way to get what I thought was necessary. I've learned that while I can justify it, it does not make it right. I always have trouble with this type of dissonance. I may not be able to do much right now, but I can change the habit of desperate attempts to hold on to control. I hope you can trust that I know more needs to be done. My top priority is removing the fear my actions and words created. 
=======
Creation-Date: 2021-11-21T18:53:03-05:00

====== Monday 22 Nov 2021 ======

So without another familiar person around,  confidence is at around 50% less than when consistently around one. This is how regret starts to consume. All the decisions get called into question. The trouble is, when the person actively seeks the companionship, instinct tells the other the seeker is weak and needy and not to be accepted. That's the theory anyway. Being desperate and lonely is embarrassing way to make friends. How often do you find yourself willing to try new things when you feel desperate and embarrassed?  This is what the idea of a family is suppose to help alleviate. They're suppose to  be sort of a safety net so we don't lose our minds. The concept of a universal family, while ideal to me, seems another lifetime away. General extremism that our current culture fosters prevents this from believable consideration. This hostile mindset was amplified  through the advent of "instant communication" and the gratification that comes from the information technology field in general. We both choose material "the computer" to put it simply as our most important asset. Neither of us chose each other.  You're choosing what you need, because you can now. But you look down on me for not being able to do the same. Which is funny, because I technically can't think of one reason why you need me or why you agreed to enter this relationship in the first place.  I like to think I contribute something besides a good taste in music. Or were you able to somehow focus better because you had more pleasurable sounds around you. Probably not but it's better than feeling worthless.  This is the first time in your life you've had this kind of stability. You're job one of  I'm going along  This is the opinion of someone currently dealing with loss, acceptance, confusion, a sense of betrayal...etc etc . I'm certain you remember exactly what this feels like from your experience with Lisa. Right now I am you, and you are Lisa. Sort of. In the sense I am the "heartbroken" one and you are relieved from someone you can't understand. 
>>>>>>> 81479d4ada951d2be0d6ccde2efa32fc0a7ce687
