Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2021-09-24T05:29:32-04:00

====== Friday 24 Sep 2021 ======

Are you trying to argue semantics for any particular reason? What I said was: "I am providing alternate paths of thought." Which means: It is possible that the meaning of this word "Yadu" is not agree upon by *everyone*. It is possible, if not likely, that the translation was confused at some point. Ever play the game of telephone? 

I find it highly unlikely you misunderstood me. I was annoyed with you initially because you clearly just assumed that I didn't think about this. At least that is how I took it. I think our misunderstandings stem from the inherent flaw in English. 


--------------------

None of use realize the scale of the time it takes for a complete language to develop. We assume that the English (and languages in general) are well established, complete systems. They are not. All languages are constructed. Derived from sounds generated by us and the environment and what we came to think those to mean. There is no real distinction between any language other than what is most commonly used in any particular region by any particular group of people. Spoken language is no different from programming code. In that, it is extremely buggy, the labels are vague and there are invalid loops with almost every translated concept. The endless barrage of stories involving unnecessary conflict are the result.

This has a lot to with our how our attention and memory work together. Something most people can't notice as one is affecting the other.

The current research in these areas is inherently flawed as we work with ideas that were manifested in a time before the internet revealed the differences (and similarities) in how we express ourselves. It also revealed our tendencies in how we react to what we experience. Also, in certain of sciences, especially in the area of psychology, the language is grossly out of date and vastly inadequate which you can see reflected in the facilities used for mental health.

The best physical analogy we have are computers and programming. One major problem existing today is the misunderstanding of what computers and what is refereed to as "artificial intelligence" can do. Movies like: Terminator, Minority Report, and even Star Wars...painted a very unrealistic view of how things will work out with the automation designs of programming engineers. The term "artificial intelligence" was meant to distinguish the metaphor of intelligence, nothing more. Pretend you were responsible for naming the concept of automated processing...what would you call it? A new term for this would greatly benefit the general public. Don't be discouraged if there are a lot of people who are resistant to these ideas, especially if you consider that we as a culture generally dismiss ideas that we can't see.
