Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2022-03-04T06:11:14-05:00

====== Friday 04 Mar 2022 ======

In addition to a borderline obsession with optimizing systems and applications, I take great personal interest in using sound to alleviate aspects of the human condition we all experience. 

The potential I see in Calm as a long term reliable source for this type of service, is the ability to organize and translate widely scattered information into an enjoyable user experience. While I have not demoed the app, I do appreciate the content and usability of the website. I was pretty happy to see a Stephen Fry expert I haven't heard before, so thank you. This is exactly the type of material I like to incorporate into soundscapes, as I believe once compression and subjective loudness issues are fully worked out and optimized, soundscapes with positive messages will enhance the life experience in profound ways. I find the idea of Calm exciting, as well as ironic, as the usefulness of "mindfulness metadata" has yet to be fully realized. I would quite enjoy the opportunity to participate and assist in this endeavor where needed. 

~~One of the more stressful aspects of healing ones mind from whatever trauma was experienced, is keeping the abundance of information organized. Personally, I have hundreds of bookmarks that link to self-improvement data, however it does me little good as the links are scattered, each written in it's own language with contradicting syntax. They might as well be tucked away in an storage unit that eventually is abandoned. This is especially true if a person isn't sure why they're feeling the way they are in the first place.~~ 

While I can't necessarily troubleshoot Mac/Windows/Chrome or mobile devices in my sleep, I spend most of my time typing away at colorful terminal trying to get Linux to behave as consistently stable as the aforementioned software layers. With the amount of users you are looking to support, I may able to assist in back-end services as well. Otherwise, the requirements of learning (internal tools) as well as advocating for users in distress, are functions of core principles I incorporate in my daily life.
