Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2022-03-05T06:37:17-05:00

====== Sunday 06 Mar 2022 ======

There are three types of boredom, all of which involve problems of engagement of attention. These include times when humans are prevented from engaging in wanted activity, when humans are forced to engage in unwanted activity, or when people are simply unable for some other reason to maintain engagement in an activity.[

consistently associated with failures of attention

lthough boredom is often viewed as a trivial and mild irritant...!!!!!!

Without stimulus or focus, the individual is confronted with coming up with a reason to not committ suicide. 

experiences existential anxiety.

Schopenhauer used the existence of boredom in an attempt to prove the futility of human existence, stating, "...with the desire for which our essence and existence requires, there would be no such thing as boredom: mere existence would fulfil and satisfy us." Which it does, when not bored. The skewed concept of time affects this. Seize the day or smell the flowers? What needs to be done to no longer expierence suffering? And so on...

the universal case of boredom consists in any instance of waiting....my personal belief at times is that we are living right now, waiting for something...while we wait, we practice...not //really knowing// what waiting is for makes me question why I do anything at all. And I generally refuse to accept that we just have to "pull ourselves up by our bootstraps and just man up and do your job" This is because I disagre with how society and cultuer are managed, and I don't have the patience to make the drastic changes I feel are needed. 

A 1989 study indicated that an individual's impression of boredom may be influenced by the individual's degree of attention, //as a higher acoustic level of distraction from the environment correlated with higher reportings of boredom.//
The loud traffic noise has distracted me enough for me to lose my focus on this current sentence...that is discouraging when those micro moments add up over a period of time..

It has been suggested that boredom has an evolutionary basis that forces humans to seek out new challenges.


The amygdala (associated with processing emotions such as fear) was more activated in dysthymia patients. The study also observed increased activity in the insula (which is associated with sad emotions). Finally, there was increased activity in the cingulate gyrus (which serves as the bridge between attention and emotion).[20]

2014 The most commonly prescribed antidepressants/SSRIs for dysthymia are escitalopram, citalopram, sertraline, fluoxetine, paroxetine, and fluvoxamine. 

2005 also found that MAOIs have a slight advantage over the use of other medication in treating this disorder
s
