Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.6
Creation-Date: 2021-10-21T20:56:21-04:00

====== Thursday 21 Oct 2021 ======

Feeling extra slugglish after about 7 hours sleep. Took two adderall instead of one. I feel irritable...not optimal. However I'm still productive and engaged. Technically I feel light headed, it's as if I'm slightly hyperventalating even though my breathing seems normal. 

I think with age, the dimensioned return expotineonally increases. As in I feel twice as tired these days. Taking more isn't ideal as it fux with the stomach. 

I try to balance out the irritability with pot, which does work but has it's drawbacks as well. Coupled with the difference in time perception, a schedueld "twice daily" does not work for me. Which, very few people are able to understand. This is the part in the explanation where I usually get quite upset, as this misunderstanding leads to assumptions and accusatations that are false. Anyway. 

Also, I've recently discovered that 15-30mg actually is better than a sedative for a restful sleep. I still don't all the variables involved in making this work, as it accidental. There was a day where I was slugglish, didn't feel like I could get to sleep so I took an additional 30mg. But of instead of elevating energy, I felt a dampening. So, I decided to lay down and was surpised that I felt very calm and still as opposed to the ususal restlessness. 

So, what I need is a bridge. As with this schedule of usage I will run out of pills before the 30 day period is over. This leaves about week, where I am forced to (suffer) from what I can only term as withdrawl. This problem is actually constant, as I worry about this a lot. I'll be in the middle of being and it will occur to me that at some point in the near future, I will suffer. Then I usually become upset, because no one understand this and I'm usually that I'm abusing something and faced with the threat of complete removal of the substance. This is akin to rape as in I'm forced to feel something against my will. Then when I feel this upset, I will inake the pot to calm me down. Which too much of this, leads to fogginess, apathy, dysporia, low energy, low motivation...which defeats the purpose of the addreall, which I have to take more of to counterbalance the affects of too much too pot. Does the loop I'm desribing here make sense? If so, does make sense to perhaps stop calling it "abuse" when in fact it should be called "compensating". The brain is fully aware of all these substances make it feel. It never wants to feel bad. So, as a species we need to stop assuming and demonizing these behaviors. It's only making it worse. I'm unable to function in this culture because people who think they know better make general assumptions. I shake my head. It's hard for to imagine how we stopped trusting each other to this degree. Anyway, I'm triggered now trying to explain this to you. Which, I'll let you know is exactly why no one talks about this. And at this point I could care less if anyone believes me, because Im tired of putting up with the fact that new information is generally dismissed because people can't put the energy in actually thinking about it. Which is why people most can't empathize very well. 

Anyway. I'm not here to fix the world. I'm here to fix Bob. And what Bob needs is to be able to speak freely without fear of judgement. And the ability to obtain materials and resources necessary without obstruction. I'm tired of feeling like a god damn outcast criminal because no human alive understands the long term consequences of these substances. As it's not the substances itself, but the entire enivironment in which we all exist. 

Ok, While not ideal, I don't mind how I feel overall although I would like it to be much better. Is there a "adderall lite" that could fill in for that week or so? Otherwise, I would say an additional 10-15mg. I prefer 15, with goal in mind of actually ending up with a surplus. It makes the human mind much happier when it knows there is nothing to worry about. If this going to cause ignorance amongst so-called professionals, then there needs to substitute suggested. I swear to god if I hear " just use your will power" I will probably kill myself as there is no possible way for me to describe how my sense of time differs from everyone else's. One day, can feel, as long as a few days. Especially if I take a nap. When I wake up from a nap, I think assume that 8 hours has passed when in fact only 1 hour has passed. And if I'm going through withdrawl, none of my usually activiies are able to distract from the present. The result of this, is feeling like your are always in a present moment with zero awareness of the sense of time. This is torture for me compounded by other people telling me to just wait. Thankfully I've learned how to deal with this as this is the true and accurate cause of any of my hospitalizations. Which of course no one can see as I am the only who can account for all the variables in MY life. I often to remind people that I am expert about me. Maybe they don't know the same is true for them, I dunno. So, hopefully, now you can understand why it's hard to talk about this as throughout this whole thing I've had to hold back the rage I feel when faced with the core of the human condition....

What you call "substance induced pyschosis" I call clear thinking. This is why there little to no trust between doctor and patient. Now my clear thinking can be sensitive. Which, is not my problem. If I receive input I don't want, I'm going to tell you, sometimes it won't be "polite". I'm always shocked when I do this and the other person perstists in trying to give me input. This backs me into a corner, which...I shouldn't have to explain what happens after that. We failed as a culture when we stopped trying trying undertsand any of this and instead focused on things like sports and entertainment. We value money more than we ourselves. So until this is all fixed, I need these fucking drugs which make me feel like shit half the time. 

By the way, I'm still annoyed with you for the implication (and this was months ago so you may not remember) that I was selling any of my medications. Even if I was, that is none of your business. The people that you see at NCC need money as much as you do, and you of all people should know how difficult it is for them to obtain that. So, if they decide make that terrible series of choices...
